For general design principles:

Equitable Use:

Your program allows all users unlimited registration and access to
chatbots. Data is securely stored in MongoDB databases, ensuring privacy
by preventing users from accessing other people\'s data. In addition,
the program is designed in such a way that neither customers nor
developers have access to personal information, further emphasizing user
privacy.

Use flexibility:

Your chatbot gives users the option to customize their experience,
including selecting characters and asking the chatbot to mimic their
voice. In the future, you plan to introduce voice features to allow
blind users to interact more effectively with chatbots.

Simple and intuitive:

The chatbot\'s interface is easy to use, with simple buttons and clear
instructions. Users can easily click to have a conversation, suitable
for a wide range of user groups.

Perception:

The interface is designed with well-organized buttons, each clearly
labeled to guide the user through its functions. This ensures that users
can easily navigate the program without getting confused.

Tolerance:

Your program provides users with the ability to correct errors, such as
allowing users to ask chatbots to forget certain inputs or restart
conversations if necessary. This increases flexibility and reduces
frustration.

Low physical effort:

The program requires only the basic input of a keyboard and mouse,
minimizing the physical effort required by the user. This makes it
accessible to people with limited mobility.

Size and space used:

The chatbot is designed as a computer application that can be adapted to
any typical computer space, ensuring that it can be accessed through a
variety of devices, and that space requirements are minimal.

Target audience:

Your software is primarily aimed at people who enjoy interacting with
characters, such as fans of specific characters like Yoda, Mickey Mouse,
or Darth Vader. These users can have fun talking to their favorite
characters in the app. Going forward, your program could expand to
simulate the voice and writing style of deceased loved ones through
photos and letters, helping people reconnect with their deceased loved
ones. This feature can help those who are coping with the loss of a
loved one feel connected and comforted.

Potential Demographics:

Your program is likely to appeal to a wide range of people because
everyone has some form of social need, and many users are interested in
interacting with their favorite characters. While the program is
designed for everyone, certain groups of people, such as people who
aren\'t interested in avatars or social interactions, may be less
willing to use it. However, based on its broad appeal, your program is
more likely to appeal to users who enjoy role-playing or seek
companionship through virtual means.
